Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org
[THE HUNT]
[Parents and the school work together
for students' safety]
[Second Elementary School,
Laijin Road, Guanhai District, Weihai]
This is a private parking spot.
No parking is allowed.
Move it right away.
Hurry.
[Weihai Mingzhu Media]
[TV Advertising Co., Ltd.]
[The so-called truth
will drag others into darkness.]
[The Ordinary] [Episode 6]
Take a look at this.
Does this person look familiar?
Take a look.
I don't know him.
You don't know him?
Sorry, officers.
I have some matters to attend to.
Uncle Caizeng is hard of hearing.
I know everything about his affairs.
You can ask me instead.
We can talk while walking.
Alright.
Let's go then.
We'll talk as we walk.
Sir, we're leaving.
We're leaving now.
We're leaving, Sir.
Please sit down.
Please sit down, please.
Uncle Caizeng!
We're leaving now!
We'll come back tomorrow!
I'll make you some lamb stew!
This way, this way.
Okay.
Turn right up ahead.
Officer Meng.
Did the person
who sent money to Uncle Caizeng
commit a crime?
No.
Just now, you said at the door,
"What's wrong with Uncle Caizeng again?"
Was he
involved in something before?
It wasn't Uncle Caizeng.
It was his son.
After what happened to his son,
Uncle Caizeng
has lived a lonely life ever since.
How many sons does he have?
Just one.
Xu Qingli?
Yes, that's him.
What happened?
He's been dead for over 6 years.
Why are you suddenly asking about him?
What happened to him?
Back then,
he got involved in a case
and became a murderer.
He killed someone?
He killed someone surnamed Bao.
He got drunk, got into a fight,
and killed the person.
That was his temperament.
Actually,
I don't know much about it either.
Well, for the specific details,
you should ask
our local police.
So
what about
the canceled status?
He committed suicide.
[Store]
What happened?
On your way up to the old village,
there's a fork in the road
leading up the mountain.
At the end of the road,
there was a small house
where he died.
How did he die?
He set the fire on his own.
Self-immolation?
You were the first to find the body?
Not me. It was Mazai.
Mazai? His surname is Ma?
No, actually, it's Xu.
Mazai is just his nickname.
[Store]
Do you have his contact information?
Yes, I do have it.
But he's a bit strange.
He either goes out somewhere,
driving around and not coming home,
or
drinks heavily at home every day.
How about this?
I'll find someone
to take you back to town.
Early tomorrow morning,
I'll take you to find him.
For specific details,
you'd better ask him directly.
Good. Good.
[Store]
Thank you for your trouble.
We appreciate your help.
Thank you.
Mentor, what should we do now?
Let's go back.
Go back.
Sir. Sir.
These are for you.
We bought them for you.
This is spoiled.
It's expired. You can't eat it anymore.
Yes, this one is fresh.
Please eat this one.
All of these are...
You are both
good people.
Please.
Ask for an explanation for my son.
I know my child very well.
He had a soft heart.
He was kind.
This was my son.
They all say he's a murderer.
He wouldn't kill anyone.
He wouldn't dare to kill anyone.
Please.
I beg you.
[Mount Fufeng]
[Mount Fufeng] [Cao Xiaojun]
[Security] [Body]
[Youth Supermarket]
Brother.
You're back.
Yes, we're back.
Just got back.
Come, sit down.
Get a chair and sit.
Okay. Okay.
Are you Tong?
Go.
Get some snacks from inside.
Sure.
Don't be picky.
No, Brother.
We can't drink much today.
We can't handle much alcohol,
you know?
It's fine. It's a holiday today.
Just drink. It's not against the rules.
Here.
You've come here to restock?
It's nothing.
Uncle Xu asked me to fetch some.
Not much to offer you.
Come on, don't be shy. Come on.
This kid is so genuine,
you know?
Cheers.
How's the liquor?
It's good.
Just enjoy it.
Are you watching this store alone?
Well,
there's this young man
helping me mind the store.
Well, where are your wife and kid?
They are...
In the provincial capital.
They're living together.
As to your trip to Yafen Village
this time,
I guess you've made some new discoveries,
right?
Heard something strange.
Xu Qingli committed suicide
to escape punishment.
Why self-immolate?
That's such a painful way to go.
Do you believe it?
What do you think?
Me?
I definitely don't believe it.
Who would choose self-immolation
to commit suicide? It's too painful.
Exactly.
Human nature
is to seek pleasure and avoid pain.
Right.
When in pain, people cry out.
When burned, they pull back.
In all my years as a police officer,
right up until retirement,
I never encountered any cold cases.
But this case
might be a lingering doubt in my life.
Can you talk about it, Brother?
There's nothing I can't talk about.
[Premium cigarettes] [Rat glue trap]
It must be about 7 years now.
Feels like yesterday.
This case
was the last major case
I was involved in.
Put it down! Put it down!
Put it down! All of you!
Put it down!
Come down! Bao Defa, come down!
Officer!
Come down! Come down!
What are you doing, Bao Defa?
What are you doing?
Keep making trouble,
and I'll take you all in!
Tell your men
to stop arguing,
or I'll take everyone who's making trouble
back to the station!
Stop arguing!
Everyone, be quiet!
Where is that person?
This way, officer!
This way!
Let's go.
This way, this way.
Go up from here.
Officer, over here.
Be careful, officer. This way.
Uncle!
Officer, this way.
Who's the family member?
This is the family member, my uncle.
Have you confirmed the identity
of the deceased?
Yes, confirmed.
Injustice.
It's him!
Old man!
A life for a life!
What are you doing?
Nobody's going anywhere!
No one is leaving!
Go back!
It's useless to act like this.
What are you doing?
What are you doing? Stop it!
Put that stone down!
Sir, it's him.
He caused my brother's death
and demolished my uncle's house.
Sir,
we didn't do anything!
It's him!
He's also from Yafen Village!
He can testify!
It's all your fault!
Stop pretending!
You're all to blame!
The police are here!
Do you want to be taken to the station?
Didn't you just say
you wanted to deal with
their entire village?
Are you the village secretary?
Over here.
Tell your villagers to disperse.
Don't escalate the situation.
If both villages start fighting,
it will be hard to resolve.
Respect the dead
and follow proper procedures.
If we hadn't come today,
you wouldn't know how to handle this.
After you demolished their house,
do you think the villagers
would let you leave?
Quickly take your people back.
Brother, I'm just talking nonsense.
Was the team leader
who was in charge of this case
at that time
showing favoritism toward the Bao family?
The first person who discovered
Xu Qingli's body
was the one I just mentioned,
Bao Defa's brother-in-law.
Do you think
his testimony is reliable?
So what is
Bao Defa's relationship
with the victim
in the Xu Qingli case?
Bao Desheng.
Bao Defa.
Cousins.
I see.
From the same village.
I understand now, Uncle Xu.
You're suggesting
that Xu Qingli's death
is related to the Bao family.
To determine the cause of death,
I requested an autopsy at the time.
I wanted to check
if there was damage
to the respiratory tract.
That would tell us
whether the body
was burned after death.
Leader Zhao
wanted to close the case quickly
to calm the situation.
The villagers' attitude was even stranger.
They insisted
the Bao family did it,
but refused to allow an autopsy.
That security chief
gathered a group of villagers
and took the body away.
They said,
"This person is already dead;
why do you want an autopsy?
How much more suffering must he endure?"
Regardless of
whether it's superstition or not,
in the end,
neither side objected,
and the body was buried.
A few years later,
during the big crackdown,
the Bao family
was completely uprooted,
along with Leader Zhao.
They were all exposed.
Later,
he was released on medical parole,
and not long after,
he was gone.
I regret that I couldn't personally
catch those Bao family members.
After the Xu Qingli case,
I took medical retirement
the following year.
Actually, I...
I wanted to work for a few more years.
Even if they had transferred me
to a less demanding position,
I would have been willing to continue.
But they wouldn't agree.
A person's life is like a case file.
About what you've accomplished
and what you haven't,
once the seal is stamped,
that's the final verdict.
But
how many chances to be young
do we get in life?
Here.
My name is Youth Xu.
Youth without regrets.
Meng.
You have to
investigate the Xu Qingli case thoroughly.
The path ahead isn't easy.
It's fine.
This building
is quite dilapidated.
This way, this way.
Yes.
It's right here.
Who's the idiot
coming so early in the morning?
Mazai, open the door.
Dong.
Weihai Police.
[Police]
Please come in.
Come in.
We're here
to ask you
about
Xu Qingli's matter.
You were the first one
who found the body, right?
The officer is asking you questions.
Why are you looking at me?
Cooperate with them
and tell them everything you know.
I'll cooperate, definitely.
Definitely.
I'm just...
I'm just afraid.
What are you afraid of?
You didn't kill anyone.
I'm still traumatized.
After that incident,
when I got home,
I vomited for 3 days straight.
Couldn't keep anything down.
Everything I ate came back up.
That's what you got
for going to the Bao family
and tattling.
But this matter
isn't my fault either.
I had no choice.
My sister married into the Bao family.
So I'm asking,
are you related through your sister
or directly to the Bao family?
It is
not about that.
Alright, alright.
Go on. Continue.
Well...
I didn't want to
get involved in this matter.
It's because
my sister and I,
when we were on our trip,
ran into Xu Qingli.
Pull over.
What's wrong?
Let's go to Bao's house.
Bao's house?
Hurry!
I need to turn around.
You're so stupid.
Hop in.
Let's go, come on!
Alright!
Later, we
couldn't catch up with Xu Qingli.
Then,
those people from the Bao family
ended up staying at my house.
They ate my food,
lived in my house, and drank my drinks,
and I couldn't kick out of them,
no matter what.
I really had no choice.
I...
Officer.
What I did
is not illegal, right?
It's not illegal,
but it's not right either.
It's not that I'm not right. I just...
Alright, alright.
Go on. Continue.
The day before
we found the body,
my brother-in-law bought some liquor,
and I drank with the Bao family members
together.
In the end,
everyone passed out drunk.
The next day,
just before dawn,
I felt uncomfortable
and wanted to get some fresh air outside.
It was raining outside.
When I opened the door,
I saw a large plume of smoke
on the mountain across.
I thought there was a fire,
and the shock sobered me up immediately.
Then I quickly went to find help.
Back then, I was
the security chief of the village.
The old secretary had bad legs,
so I quickly gathered
a few people to go up there.
Thankfully, it was raining that day.
When we got there, we found
the house had almost been
completely burned down.
Only the frame was left,
still smoking.
Is the house he mentioned
the one you mentioned yesterday,
the small house on the mountain?
I was puzzled at the time.
That house had been vacant
for a long time.
It was perfectly fine,
so how could it catch fire?
Yes, when
the fire was put out,
we could go inside,
and we actually
pulled out Xu Qingli.
At that moment,
everyone was shocked.
We just thought about
getting help quickly.
We rushed to find help.
When I think back now,
it was so terrifying.
Afterward, I led people there.
No wonder Mazai was scared.
He was burned black.
With one more look,
you would have nightmares.
Yes, yes.
He was burned like that.
How could you be sure
it was Xu Qingli?
He left a suicide note.
It was on the vest
he always wore.
It was written in blood,
hanging on a tree
next to the house.
It had his name on it.
He wrote the Chinese character "Li"
without the hook stroke.
He said the character
without the hook stroke
meant lasting success.
Right, right.
Right.
Where was he buried?
Widow's Hill.
Women from the village
who have no children
or whose husbands died because of them
are all buried there.
After what happened,
he couldn't be buried
in the ancestral grounds.
His name was also removed
from the family records.
Xu.
I need another favor from you.
We want to open the coffin to confirm.
We'll follow the normal procedures.
Could you please talk to Mr. Xu
and help him understand?
The photos really don't show
[Guanhai Branch
of Weihai Public Security Bureau]
many new developments.
During those days of the incident,
we checked all the surveillance footage
around Mount Fufeng
and Anhe Village.
[Jialin Criminal Investigation]
It did
capture
that white van.
Hold on.
Hello?
There are several photos.
It is
on the road from Anhe Village's old street
leading to Mount Fufeng.
But the surveillance camera
has terrible resolution.
We can't make out
who was driving,
who was sitting
inside the car,
or if anyone was there at all.
Nothing is clear.
But don't worry.
I'll have someone look into
Cao Xiaojun and Wu Ximei's
social connections in Weihai.
We'll investigate further.
Right. How are things on your end?
I've sent Tong Hao to handle
the exhumation paperwork.
Whose grave are you opening?
[Jialin Criminal Investigation]
Mentor.
Go ahead.
The exhumation paperwork
and investigation assistance
have all been arranged.
The town police station
will also send people
to assist us.
While waiting for Xia Jie,
we can't just sit around.
Then let's go ask
Uncle Xu some questions?
[Jialin Criminal Investigation]
Let's find Xu Qingdong.
We should learn about the same incident
from different perspectives.
Okay.
Qingdong, last time,
you mentioned Mr. Xu's son,
Xu Qingli, right?
Put that away.
Look at him.
We're all friends here,
right?
Xu Qingli.
Just mentioning him makes me angry.
Well, not exactly angry,
more disappointed in him.
Uncle Caizeng had a son late in life,
and his wife passed away early.
Uncle Caizeng had to rely entirely
on himself
to raise his son.
This Xu Qingli
had been withdrawn since childhood.
He had a strange temper,
shy on the outside but restless within.
Sometimes,
he got stuck in his own thoughts.
He didn't care about
the housework and fieldwork at all.
All day long, he was holding a book,
just reading away.
And he even got involved with
a girl from the Tian family.
Who is
the girl from the Tian family?
Tian Baozhen.
She's from our village.
I mean, if this Xu Qingli
had found himself
a sensible wife
and had a few kids,
wouldn't he have lived
a peaceful life?
But he wouldn't listen.
He could've chosen anyone,
but he had to go after Tian Baozhen.
This Tian Baozhen
is sweet-talking but scheming.
[Yafen Village, Nanyang Province, 1998]
I
warned Xu Qingli before.
I told him that Tian Baozhen
was a woman he couldn't hold onto.
He was bewitched
and wouldn't listen to reason.
In my opinion,
he ended up like this
mostly because of Tian Baozhen.
Baozhen, you're up early.
Qingli.
I just finished cutting pig feed.
I'm heading to the school.
They can't manage without me there.
Qingli.
What is it?
Remember to bring me a book.
Sure. Which volume?
"Classical Poetry," Volume 3.
Volume 3?
Got it.
Oh no,
I'm going to be late.
The clock at my house is wrong again.
I thought
I had half an hour left.
Aren't you going to be late?
Hurry up then.
Yes.
Baozhen.
See you tonight.
I thought you weren't coming.
I was delayed by something.
"I cannot bear this service;
to stay idly would be of no use.
You may go tell your parents,
and send me home...
What's wrong, Baozhen?
My family
arranged a marriage for me today.
Who is it?
It doesn't matter.
I didn't agree.
So,
what are you thinking?
I've finally seen things clearly.
If I stay in the village,
they'll make me marry this man
or that man.
Baozhen.
When I save enough money,
I'll visit your family
to propose marriage.
Qingli.
I want to try my luck in the city.
In the city?
How?
While I'm young,
I want to see the outside world.
I want to see what I've got.
I don't want to spend my whole life
in this sugarcane field.
It's meaningless.
That's good.
That's a good thing.
Do you dare come with me?
Me?
Sure.
When?
Early tomorrow.
Early tomorrow?
We'll leave first thing tomorrow.
That's so sudden.
I'll go back
and discuss it with my father.
It's always my father
or your father.
Why do you always need to ask your father?
I'm asking you.
I know.
Of course, I want to go,
but for something this big,
I definitely need to discuss
with my father.
I think all your studying
has made you foolish,
just like Jiao Zhongqing in the book,
all spineless.
Always listen to his mother.
And what's their end?
One threw herself into a pond,
and the other hanged himself from a tree.
Is that what you want?
I don't want that.
And I'm not like him.
Good.
So are you coming with me or not?
Yes.
I'll go with you.
I'll go.
Baozhen.
You're so carefree.
If I had walked past
and not seen you,
how long would you have slept?
Before dawn,
I've been waiting for you here.
The mosquitoes nearly ate me alive.
Let's go, come on.
Let me carry it for you.
Give it to me.
♪ Your smile ♪
♪ Is no longer bright ♪
♪ Or vivid ♪
♪ Finally ♪
♪ It transforms into a void ♪
♪ Your tears ♪
♪ Refract ♪
♪ A rainbow ♪
♪ That disappears ♪
♪ In my eyes ♪
♪ On the mountain of childhood ♪
♪ There are wild flowers and winds ♪
♪ That rainbow ♪
♪ Has become an illusion ♪
♪ Illusion ♪
♪ Our sorrow ♪
♪ Is no longer real ♪
[Beikang Town to Jialin City]
♪ The tears left behind ♪
♪ Can no longer refract a rainbow ♪
Qingli, are you hungry?
♪ A rainbow ♪
Are you?
Then let's find a place
to eat something.
♪ A rainbow ♪
Okay, let's go.
Let's go.
[Hao's Stir-Fry]
Ma'am.
Two bowls of noodles.
Got it.
Just one bowl, one bowl.
Okay, 3 yuan.
How is one bowl enough?
I'm not that hungry.
Alright, let's go sit inside.
Eat more.
You eat it. I'm not hungry.
Have some more.
You should eat more.
You should.
Alright, alright.
Just eat.
Ma'am.
Do we need to pay
for the pickled vegetables?
No, they're free.
Pickled vegetables.
Qingli.
We just arrived in the city.
Things will be tough for a while.
We should be frugal with our money.
Once we find jobs,
things will get better.
Eat quickly. It's getting cold.
Things will definitely get better.
Yes, indeed.
Xu Qingli
was like he was possessed.
Loyalty and filial piety
have long been hard to balance.
Ignoring Uncle Caizeng's welfare
is unfilial.
And he just gave up
his job at the school without a thought.
What does that make him?
Disloyal.
Mr. Xu would surely be angry.
Yeah.
Uncle Caizeng was so furious
that he smashed almost
all the pots and dishes in the house.
So I comforted him, saying,
"Since the two of them
haven't come back to the village
with their tails between their legs,
it means
they can still make it in the city."
Two country folks
hardly had any education.
How could it be easy
to survive in the city?
They're not mangroves
that can grow wherever they fall.
Don't you agree?
Jobs with room and board are available.
Not hard to find.
But...
But the pay is too low.
Look,
these decent jobs
with slightly better pay
all require at least
a high school diploma.
What can we do then?
It's too late
to get a high school education now.
You're still in the mood for jokes?
I'm serious.
Staying here
costs 5 yuan per day.
We can't keep delaying.
Then let's find
some simple job first.
For a simple job,
I think
the Fucheng Sugar Factory
will work.
They need lots of people
and don't have many requirements.
I heard that the sugarcanes
from our village
are all sold to them.
The sugar factory?
If you can find
an easy position, that's fine.
But if you're handling bagasse
or stirring syrup,
you might as well go back to farming.
So what do you want to do?
Really go back to farming?
No.
Let's keep looking.
There must be a job
suitable for an educated person like me.
"Heaven gave me talents to be put to use;
Though a thousand coins are spent,
more will come."
[Civilized Unit]
Baozhen.
Qingli.
I bought some medicine for you.
Take it after you finish eating.
Okay.
Thank you, Qingli.
Eat up.
I ordered these steamed buns for you.
Okay.
Baozhen.
I've made up my mind.
I want to work
at the sugar factory too.
Really?
You've thought it through?
Whether I like it or not,
I have to face reality.
We can barely afford the rent.
That's right. Money gives you security.
We need to establish ourselves first,
then find ways to climb up.
Qingli.
Earning an honest living
is nothing to be ashamed of.
Yes,
you're right.
I'll go apply right after this.
Good.
[Hao's Stir-Fry]
Although we won't be in the same workshop,
I'll still be close to you.
It's just across the railway,
in the alcohol workshop.
That's great.
I've heard
the alcohol workshop offers good benefits.
It's not that great,
and there's no dormitory,
so I'll still have to rent a place.
I'm not really
a drinker.
I can't be like Li Bai.
Qingli.
What?
This is for you.
Take a look.
This watch
must be expensive.
It's not a fancy brand.
I don't spend much money anyway,
so I managed to save a bit.
You always mentioned
that your clock at home wasn't accurate.
I thought when I had some money,
I'd buy you a watch.
Thank you, Baozhen.
When I save up some money,
I'll buy you gifts too.
I don't really need anything.
Let me.
Baozhen.
Do you think
we've made our dreams come true?
I noticed the factory office is hiring.
I'm thinking of applying
to change departments.
I don't want to work
on the production line anymore.
That's great.
Working in an office would be easier.
It's not about being easier.
I think this way,
I'll have more time
to study and review.
I want to try for higher education.
Getting into school isn't that easy.
You don't have the foundation.
Don't waste your time.
Dongshan Lamb.
Thank you.
Do you remember
when we first came here?
It was the same restaurant.
Even the same table.
Back then, we
didn't dare to order anything here.
But now,
we can order whatever we want.